Updated admin.md (#428)
flarum/docs: docs/admin.md

The Flarum Admin Dashboard is a user-friendly interface for managing your forum.
It is only available to users in the "Admin" group.
To access the Admin dashboard, Click on your **Name** at the at the top right of the screen, and select **Administration**.

The Admin Dashboard has the following sections, being:
- **Dashboard** - Shows the main Admin Dashboard, containing statistics and other relevant information.
- **Basics** - Shows the options to set basic forum details such as Name, Description, and Welcome Banner.

> - **Email** - Allows you to configure your E-Mail settings. Refer [here](https://docs.flarum.org/mail) for more information.

Reviewer: Let's use a relative link to other docs pages.
```suggestion
- **Email** - Allows you to configure your E-Mail settings. Refer [here](mail.md) for more information.
```

- **Permissions** - Shows the permissions for each user group, and allows you to configure global and specific scopes.
- **Appearance** - Allows you to customize the forum's colors, branding and add additional CSS for customization.
- **Users** - Provides you with a paginated list of all the users in the forum, and grants you the ability to edit the user or take administrative actions.

> Apart from the above mentioned sections, the Admin Dashboard also allows you to manage your Extensions (including the flarum core extensions such as Tags) under the _Features_ section. Extensions which modify the forum theme, or allow you to use multiple languages are categorized under the _Themes_ and _Languages_ section respectively.

Reviewer: Since we always refer to them as categories, let's do that here as well.
```suggestion
Apart from the above mentioned sections, the Admin Dashboard also allows you to manage your Extensions (including the Flarum core extensions such as Tags) under the _Features_ category. Extensions which modify the forum theme, or allow you to use multiple languages are categorized under the _Themes_ and _Languages_ categories respectively.
```
